Whats the surname of the former PepsiCo CEO that Steve Jobs recruited for Apple in 1983?,@Scully,@Later Jobs and Scully had a fallout and it lead to Jobs leaving the company in 1985.
Whats the surname of the legendary buisnessman who spearheded computer development in Commodore and Atari?,@Tramiel,@Jack Tramiel pioneered the home computer industry by being the man behind Commodore PET and VIC-20. After a fight with Commodore owner Irving Gould he left for Atari and was instrumental in the release of the Atari ST.
What company released the PC in 1981?,@IBM,@The original IBM PC was a beast with 256k internal memory and a CGA (640x200 max resolution with 2 colors) graphics capability.
What does the acronym PC stand for?,@Personal computer,@Often accredited to IBM the term was actually coined in the legendary Xerox Paolo Alto research facility.
Name the year that the original Xbox was released by Microsoft?,@2001,@The original Xbox was equally famous for its affordable hardware and blooming pirating industry.
Is Python a interprented or compiled language?,@interprented,@There are several Python compilers available - even one that compiles the code to JVM compatible bytecode.
Whats the meaning of the acronym RISC?,@reduced instruction set computing,@RISC technology is used in all sorts of processors such as ARM-architecture chips that powers most mobile devices aswell as CPUs of the worlds supercomputers.
George Lucas quickly realized that he had to start his own company to make the special effects for the original Star Wars movie. Whats the acronym for the compant he created?,@ILM,@Industrial Light and Magic is since its founding in 1975 considered as one of the top special effects studios in the world. Noticeable features is their groundbreaking work with blue/greenscreens and early CGI aswell as computer controlled camera movements. 
The original 27 club (artist who died at the age of 27) consisted of Jannis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, Brian Jones and a singer in a Los Angeles based theatrical rockband. One of his most famous features was his long hair and tight leather pants. His name is?,@Jim Morrison,@Allthogh considered the most beutiful man in rock during the haydays of the Doors Jim Morrisons alcoholism soon made him obese and his performances deteriorated to the point where he had to move to Paris to evade a prison sentence for indecent exposure on stage during a Miami concert in 1970. He died from a presumed heroin overdose in his bathtub July 3:rd 1971.
8,16,32,64,128,256,512,1024,....,4096,8192 whats the missing number?,@2048,@No further comments needed.

